How to guide to get a mu angle (#7979)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7979.feature.rst

> Added a helper function to get the heliocentric angle (:math:`\mu`) of a point on the solar disk, `sunpy.coordinates.utils.get_heliocentric_angle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a helper function (:func:`sunpy.coordinates.utils.get_heliocentric_angle`) to get the heliocentric angle of a coordinate on the solar disk, which can be used to compute :math:`\mu` for limb-darkening calculations.
```
